Develop and manage cross-functional programs, facilitating relationships across multiple teams to identify risks, manage dependencies and optimize resources.
Drive visibility, accountability, and execution across their areas of software development for the organization.
Understand technology requirements, roadmap, dependencies, evolution, and develop a plan for mitigating risks and delivering features that meet the requirements across multiple products.
Establish expertise in the technology area, becoming the go-to escalation point for execution, leader for driving visibility across the program, and orchestrator for managing the integration across your program area.
Resolve conflicts, maintain clarity on priorities and drive progress on execution.
Drive technical excellence within the team, coordinating and contributing to engineering deliverables including architectural diagrams, specifications, launch criteria, and test plans.
Provide hands-on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases.
Work cross-functionally to develop best practices and development processes in a quickly-changing and dynamic environment, drive impact through deployment of key initiatives and garner adoption of those processes.
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.
5+ years of software engineering, systems engineering, hardware engineering, or technical product/program management experience.
Experience leading technology investments across multiple products or product families from innovation to delivery.
Demonstrated experience leading execution across highly ambiguous, complex products and programs, with experience making technical and product tradeoffs balancing business needs and technical constraints.
Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope.
Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership.
Experience in leading complex execution across multiple teams in different time zones, anticipating roadblocks and creating a path forward.
Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.
Proven communicator who can translate high-level goals into tangible action plans, and vice-versa & expertise communicating with technical and non-technical stakeholders.